Update README to be more stream heavy (#27)
sequinstream/sequin: README.md

## What is Sequin?

> Sequin is an open source message stream built on Postgres. It lets you replace data pipelines, message queues, and complicated infrastructure with Postgres tables.

Author: thoughts?

Reviewer: strong pitch imo

we are bringing the elixir runtime to these poor souls in js land

> It's comparable to Kafka, but offers more read flexibility with less operational overhead. Sequin comes with a CLI, HTTP interface, and ability to pull changes from any Postgres table into a stream.

Reviewer 2: I get the sense we need to be clear on what we are technically as well in this section - i.e not a PG extension:

```suggestion
Sequin runs as a stateless Docker container that sits in front of any Postgres database. It comes with a CLI, HTTP interface, and ability to pull changes from any Postgres table into a stream.
```

## Why Sequin?

> Streams (or logs) are powerful and versatile data structures. Unlike queues, streams persist messages. This means you can fan out messages, replay messages, and dynamically materialize messages into views.

Author: they're a powerful concept! does this capture well, or can we add more?

> Streams (or logs) are powerful and versatile data structures. Unlike queues, streams persist messages. This means you can fan out messages, replay messages, and dynamically materialize messages into views.

Reviewer: couldn't workshop anything better 👍

> Kafka popularized streams. Developed at LinkedIn, it prioritizes scale over ergonomics and usability. Kafka uses topics, partitions, and offsets to make it horizontally scalable. But this consumption paradigm is very limited and limiting. And Kafka is famously difficult to run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kafka popularized streams. Developed at LinkedIn, it prioritizes scale over ergonomics and usability. Kafka uses topics, partitions, and offsets to make it horizontally scalable. But this consumption paradigm is limiting for developers. And Kafka is famously difficult to run.
```

We think that if streams were easier to use and had more flexible consumption patterns, more developers would use them. We also know Postgres is the perfect data layer for ergonomic streams.

In Sequin, messages are stored like a stream. But consumption patterns are more flexible and ergonomic, like a queue. And you don't need to worry about topics, partitions, or Zookeeper.

### Killer features

> - **Store like a stream, consume like a queue**: Sequin persists messages like a stream. But the consumption pattern is more flexible and ergonomic, like a queue.

Reviewer: 👍

- [**Key-based routing**](#key): Publish messages with a rich key that consumers can use to filter down to the data they care about.
- **Replays**: Rewind consumers to any point in a stream. Or republish select messages that match a SQL query.
- [**Exactly once delivery**](#guarantees): Sequin delivers messages to consumers exactly once within a visibility timeout.

> - **Dynamic concurrency**: Scale workers for a consumer up or down as needed. No need to plan out partition counts ahead of time.

Reviewer: cool, content keeps giving wins

- [**Upsert support**](#policies): Get immediate compaction by key, so only one record for a key exists in the stream at a time.
- [**Stream any Postgres table**](#the-postgres-source): Sequin can pull changes from any Postgres table into a stream.
- [**It's Just Postgres™**](#schema): The core of Sequin is a few Postgres tables. So you can query your streams like any other table.

## Works with any Postgres database

Sequin is compatible with any Postgres database, including those from cloud providers like:

- AWS RDS Postgres
- Azure Database for Postgres
- GCP Cloud SQL
- Neon
- ...and many more

### Schema

> The stream tables that power Sequin are simple. Streams are stored in a Postgres schema called `sequin_streams` by default:

Author: `sequin_stream` still feels a little more correct, as it's the class of table? (instead of describing what's inside)

Reviewer: I continue to favor `sequin_streams` because there is more than one stream in there

> - `sequin_streams.messages`: Stores the messages for all streams. `messages` is partitioned by `stream_id`.

Reviewer: although actually this does look a little weird compared to:

`sequin_stream.messages`

🤔

Reviewer: idk I think I like plural more still

Author: I'm team single, but we'll let Eric tie break later!
